README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Discord][discord-shield]][discord-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://alluo.finance">
    <img src="https://assets.website-files.com/613b4c4a426c9b2c4d31caaa/6168135b36da4560d493f4d3_Group%20242-p-500.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Alluo - Exchnange</h3>

  <p align="center">
   Liquidity optimise exchange for the Alluo Protocol.
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#testing">Testing</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This repo contains all the Alluo Exchange, a series of contract allowing users or the Alluo protocol to exchnage any Token to any Token with an optimisation for liquidity. The exchange is fully onchain, not relying on any oracle, or Back-end of any sorts.

The Exchange is made up of a few components: Adaptors, Routes and Major/Minor coints. 

Each component is editable by the owner of the contract and can be configured for the most liquidity by said owner.
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With

Here are the major framework / languages used to build the Protocol.

* [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
* [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [Solidity Coverage](https://github.com/sc-forks/solidity-coverage)
* [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/apis/)

#### hardhat

```shell
npx hardhat accounts
npx hardhat compile
npx hardhat clean
npx hardhat test
npx hardhat node
npx hardhat help
npx hardhat coverage
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts
TS_NODE_FILES=true npx ts-node scripts/deploy.ts
npx eslint '**/*.{js,ts}'
npx eslint '**/*.{js,ts}' --fix
npx prettier '**/*.{json,sol,md}' --check
npx prettier '**/*.{json,sol,md}' --write
npx solhint 'contracts/**/*.sol'
npx solhint 'contracts/**/*.sol' --fix
```

### Etherscan verification

To try out Etherscan verification, you first need to deploy a contract to an Ethereum network that's supported by Etherscan, such as Rinkeby.

In this project, copy the .env.example file to a file named .env, and then edit it to fill in the details. Enter your Etherscan API key, your Rinkeby node URL (eg from Alchemy), and the private key of the account which will send the deployment transaction. With a valid .env file in place, first deploy your contract:

```shell
hardhat run --network rinkeby scripts/sample-script.ts
```

Then, copy the deployment address and paste it in to replace `DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` in this command:

```shell
npx hardhat verify --network rinkeby DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS "Hello, Hardhat!"
```

#### Performance optimizations

For faster runs of your tests and scripts, consider skipping ts-node's type checking by setting the environment variable `TS_NODE_TRANSPILE_ONLY` to `1` in hardhat's environment. For more details see [the documentation](https://hardhat.org/guides/typescript.html#performance-optimizations).


<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install
  cp .env.example .env
  nano .env
  ```

* yarn
  ```sh
  yarn install
  cp .env.example .env
  nano .env
  ```

### Testing

  ```sh
  npx hardhat clean
  npx hardhat test
  ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See our public roadmap here: [Roadmap](https://roadmap.alluo.com/)

See the [open issues](https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source and DeFi communities such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Bug bounties

If you notice any vulnerabilities, bugs, or even efficiency improvements please checkout our Bug Bounty program on [Gitcoin](www.gitcoin.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

0xtuytuy.eth - [@0xtuytuy](https://twitter.com/0xtuytuy) - rt@alluo.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange](https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/issues

[discord-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20us-blue?style=for-the-badge
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/tuN3y3Tfe4

Commit message:

Added link to protocol library

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![Discord][discord-shield]][discord-url]



<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://alluo.finance">
    <img src="https://assets.website-files.com/613b4c4a426c9b2c4d31caaa/6168135b36da4560d493f4d3_Group%20242-p-500.png" alt="Logo">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Alluo - Exchnange</h3>

  <p align="center">
   Liquidity optimise exchange for the Alluo Protocol.
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#testing">Testing</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

This repo contains all the Alluo Exchange, a series of contract allowing users or the Alluo protocol to exchnage any Token to any Token with an optimisation for liquidity. The exchange is fully onchain, not relying on any oracle, or Back-end of any sorts.

The Exchange is made up of a few components: Adaptors, Routes and Major/Minor coints. 

Each component is editable by the owner of the contract and can be configured for the most liquidity by said owner.

All the addresses of the contracts deployed to all the networks that are part of the Alluo Protocol are available here: [Protocol Library](https://library.alluo.com/)
<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



### Built With

Here are the major framework / languages used to build the Protocol.

* [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
* [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [Solidity Coverage](https://github.com/sc-forks/solidity-coverage)
* [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/apis/)

#### hardhat

```shell
npx hardhat accounts
npx hardhat compile
npx hardhat clean
npx hardhat test
npx hardhat node
npx hardhat help
npx hardhat coverage
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts
TS_NODE_FILES=true npx ts-node scripts/deploy.ts
npx eslint '**/*.{js,ts}'
npx eslint '**/*.{js,ts}' --fix
npx prettier '**/*.{json,sol,md}' --check
npx prettier '**/*.{json,sol,md}' --write
npx solhint 'contracts/**/*.sol'
npx solhint 'contracts/**/*.sol' --fix
```

### Etherscan verification

To try out Etherscan verification, you first need to deploy a contract to an Ethereum network that's supported by Etherscan, such as Rinkeby.

In this project, copy the .env.example file to a file named .env, and then edit it to fill in the details. Enter your Etherscan API key, your Rinkeby node URL (eg from Alchemy), and the private key of the account which will send the deployment transaction. With a valid .env file in place, first deploy your contract:

```shell
hardhat run --network rinkeby scripts/sample-script.ts
```

Then, copy the deployment address and paste it in to replace `DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` in this command:

```shell
npx hardhat verify --network rinkeby DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS "Hello, Hardhat!"
```

#### Performance optimizations

For faster runs of your tests and scripts, consider skipping ts-node's type checking by setting the environment variable `TS_NODE_TRANSPILE_ONLY` to `1` in hardhat's environment. For more details see [the documentation](https://hardhat.org/guides/typescript.html#performance-optimizations).


<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install
  cp .env.example .env
  nano .env
  ```

* yarn
  ```sh
  yarn install
  cp .env.example .env
  nano .env
  ```

### Testing

  ```sh
  npx hardhat clean
  npx hardhat test
  ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See our public roadmap here: [Roadmap](https://roadmap.alluo.com/)

See the [open issues](https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source and DeFi communities such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Bug bounties

If you notice any vulnerabilities, bugs, or even efficiency improvements please checkout our Bug Bounty program on [Gitcoin](www.gitcoin.com)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

0xtuytuy.eth - [@0xtuytuy](https://twitter.com/0xtuytuy) - rt@alluo.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange](https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/GetAlluo/alluo-exchange/issues

[discord-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20us-blue?style=for-the-badge
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/tuN3y3Tfe4
